The Knox Guard Overdue payment wallpaper policy is an advanced
feature that allows you to display a warning wallpaper on a device's home and lock screens,
encouraging users to fulfill any outstanding payments.
To use this feature, you must have a Knox Guard Advanced license.
Get started by going to the Policies page,
then under Advanced controls click Overdue payment wallpaper.
Select an image to upload.
Note that the image must be less than 5 megabytes, and in PNG format.
Once uploaded, preview the image and click Save.
After creating this policy, you can apply it to your devices.
To do this, go to the Devices page and select one or more devices.
Under Actions, click Manage Policy, then select Apply overdue payment wallpaper.
Preview your wallpaper configuration, and click Apply.
Once applied, users will persistently see the wallpaper on their devices
and will be unable to change it until you remove the policy.
To remove the policy, select one or more devices, then click Actions,
followed by Manage Policy, and then select Remove overdue payment wallpaper.
Once the policy is removed, device users can revert the wallpaper back to its previous image.
Alternatively, you can apply the Overdue payment wallpaper policy from the Bulk Actions page.
To do this, click Bulk actions in the left navigation pane.
Under Advanced controls, click Manage overdue payment wallpaper restriction.
Then on the following page, select Apply overdue wallpaper restriction.
Next, upload a CSV or XLS file containing your device IDs and click Apply.
If you want to remove this policy from multiple devices at once,
you can use the same bulk action process,
but select Remove overdue wallpaper restriction instead.
For additional Knox Guard help at any time,
see our documentation at docs.samsungknox.com.
Thanks for watching!